[SDK-1197] customize z-index web iams (Web SDK v3.3.0) (#1869)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/web/in-app_messaging/customization.md

});
```

### In-App Message Default z-index

> By default, In-App Messages are displayed using `z-index: 1050`. This is configurable using the `iamZIndex` [initialization option][41] in case your website uses higher values which cover the message.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, In-App Messages are displayed using `z-index: 1050`. This is configurable using the `iamZIndex` [initialization option][41] in case your website uses higher values which cover the message.

**Note**: This option was introduced in Web SDK v3.3.0 Older SDKs must be upgraded in order to use this option.
```

});
```

### In-App Message Default z-index

> By default, In-App Messages are displayed using `z-index: 1050`. This is configurable using the `iamZIndex` [initialization option][41] in case your website uses higher values which cover the message.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, In-App Messages are displayed using `z-index: 1050`. This is configurable using the `inAppMessageZIndex ` [initialization option][41] in the scenario that your website styles elements with higher values than that.
```

> **Note**: This option was introduced in Web SDK v3.3.0 Older SDKs must be upgraded in order to use this option.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: This option was introduced in Web SDK v3.3.0. Older SDKs must be upgraded in order to use this option.
```

```javascript
import braze from "@braze/web-sdk";
braze.initialize("YOUR-API-KEY", {
    baseUrl: "YOUR-API-ENDPOINT",

>     iamZIndex: 9001

Author: ```suggestion
    inAppMessageZIndex: 9001
```
